#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/base.in
#
-e git+https://github.com/liip-forks/django-agpl#egg=django-agpl
    # via -r requirements/base.in
-e git+https://github.com/liip-forks/django-db-email-backend#egg=kn-django-db-email-backend
    # via -r requirements/base.in
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-countries
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via django-bootstrap3
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via requests
crispy-bootstrap3==2022.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   pyjwt
csscompressor==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   odfpy
    #   python3-openid
diff-match-patch==20230430
    # via django-import-export
dj-database-url==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==4.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-agpl
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   django-bootstrap3
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-filter
    #   django-ical
    #   django-import-export
    #   django-localflavor
    #   django-memoize
    #   django-parler
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-recurrence
    #   django-role-permissions
    #   django-taggit
    #   kn-django-db-email-backend
django-allauth==0.57.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-compressor
django-autocomplete-light==3.9.7
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-bootstrap3==23.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-bootstrap3-datetimepicker-2==2.8.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-compressor==4.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-countries==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-crispy-forms==2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
django-filter==23.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ical==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-import-export==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-localflavor==4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-memoize==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-phonenumber-field==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-recurrence==1.11.1
    # via django-ical
django-role-permissions==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-simple-history==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-stronghold==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-taggit==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-tinymce==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
icalendar==5.0.10
    # via django-ical
idna==3.4
    # via requests
libsass==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
markuppy==1.14
    # via tablib
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
odfpy==1.4.1
    # via tablib
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via tablib
phonenumbers==8.13.22
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pillow==10.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via django-allauth
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   django-recurrence
    #   icalendar
python-stdnum==1.19
    # via django-localflavor
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via django-allauth
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   icalendar
    #   kn-django-db-email-backend
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   tablib
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via django-compressor
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   django-allauth
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via django-allauth
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via django-compressor
sentry-sdk==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-autocomplete-light
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
tablib[html,ods,xls,xlsx,yaml]==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-import-export
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   dj-database-url
    #   django-countries
urllib3==2.0.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via tablib
xlwt==1.3.0
    # via tablib
